Flot Reference
--------------

Consider a call to the plot function:

   var plot = $.plot(placeholder, data, options)

The placeholder is a jQuery object that the plot will be put into.
This placeholder needs to have its width and height set as explained
in the README. The plot will modify some properties of the placeholder
so it's recommended you simply pass in a div that you don't use it for
anything else.

The format of the data is documented below, as is the available
options. The "plot" object returned has some members you can call.
These are documented separately below.

Note that in general there are no guarantees if you change any of the
objects you pass in to the plot function or get out of it as the
objects may not be deep-copied.


Data Format
-----------

The data is an array of data series:

  [ series1, series2, ... ]

A series can either be raw data or an object with properties. The raw
data format is an array of points:

  [ [x1, y1], [x2, y2], ... ]

E.g.

  [ [1, 3], [2, 14.01], [3.5, 3.14] ]

The format of a single series object is as follows:

  {
    color: colorspec or number,
    data: rawdata,
    label: string,
    lines: specific lines options,
    bars: specific bars options,
    points: specific points options,
    shadowSize: number
  }

You don't have to specify any of them except the data, the rest are
options that will get default values. Typically you'd only specify
label and data, like this:

  {
    label: "y = 3",
    data: [[0, 3], [10, 3]]
  }

The label is used for the legend, if you don't specify one, the series
will not show up in the legend.

If you don't specify color, the series will get a color from the
auto-generated colors. The color is either a CSS color specification
(like "rgb(255, 100, 123)") or an integer that specifies which of
auto-generated colors to select, e.g. 0 will get color no. 0, etc.

The latter is mostly useful if you let the user add and remove series,
in which case you can hard-code the color index to prevent the colors
from jumping around between the series.

The rest of the options are all documented below as they are the same
as the default options passed in via the options parameter in the plot
commmand. When you specify them for a specific data series, they will
override the default options for the plot for that data series.


Plot Options
------------




Plot Members
------------

The Plot object returned from the plot function has the following
members:

  - clearSelection()

    Clear the selection rectangle.

  - setSelection(area)

    Set the selection rectangle. The passed in area should have the
    members x1 and x2 if the selection mode is "x" and y1 and y2 if
    the selection mode is "y" and both x1, x2 and y1, y2 if the
    selection mode is "xy", like this:

      setSelection({ x1: 0, x2: 10, y1: 40, y2: 60});

    setSelection will trigger the "selected" event when called so you
    may have to do a bit of shortcircuiting to prevent an eternal loop
    if you invoke the method inside the "selected" handler.

  - getCanvas()

    Returns the canvas used for drawing if you need to hack on it
    yourself.
  
  - getPlotOffset()

    Gets the offset that grid has within the canvas as an object with
    the members left, right, top, bottom. I.e., if you draw a circle
    on the canvas with the center placed at (left, top), its center
    will be at the top-most, left corner of the grid.
